Guide revamp [WIP] (#76)
Garlic-Team/GCommands: guide/guide/beginner/database.md

# Database

> If you still don't have a database, checkout [Basic Bot](./basicbot.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you still don't have a database, check out [Basic Bot](./basicbot.md)

```
